Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[intense music]
[Walker]
Have you locked the door?
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
Okay. It’s locked.
[Walker] Are you sure no one
followed you home from the bank?
Uh. yeah.
[Walker]
I’m texting you something.
Oh. my God. Who is that?
[Walker] It’s the bodyguard
I hired in Oslo.
they’re onto me. Eliza.
I’m gonna get a plane ticket
and come to you right away.
[Walker]
No. no. no. no. no need.
Just meet me
as we planned. all right?
-So you made it back?
-[Walker] Yeah.
but I-I-I need to go into hiding
for a while.
Just bring the money.
-All of it?
-[Walker] Yes. I. uh.
I’m not sure how long
I’m gonna be gone but Eliza.
listen to me. we’re still
getting married as promised.
I know.
I know. baby. I...
just stay safe.
I’ll meet you tonight.
[Walker] All right.
See you tonight.
And don’t forget the money.
I won’t.
I love you.
[phone beeps]
[horn honking]
[telephones ringing]
[tense music]
Working hard?
Oh. God. Vivian.
Looking at bids
for that beautiful tutor
on Buffalo Point?
No. But I got two offers
this morning. so...
[Vivian]
I know what you were doing.
You are on that app
all the time.
-I am not.
-[Vivian] Oh. come on.
Every time I pass by.
I see you looking.
I’m just checking for matches.
You really think
you can find love
looking at dozens
of men’s pictures?
Yeah. I guess I do.
Okay. Maybe it takes
a little bit of effort
but there’s a Mr. Right
out there
and I have to put myself
where he can find me.
Well. you’ve always been
a romantic.
but I thought after Frank.
you were gonna--
It’s been four months
and I am ready for a new start.
[phone chimes]
[Vivian] Let me check that out.
-Oh.
-[Kate] Looks like a real man.
He’s not one of those jocks
or man boys and. look.
it looks like
he’s close with his parents.
which is always
a good thing. right?
[Vivian] He can dress
that’s for sure.
hmm. looks too good to be true.
Oh. I guess
we’ll find out soon enough.
He invited me out
for drinks tonight.
Tonight?
That’s fast.
He’s decisive.
I like it.
You know. maybe I should
tag along inconspicuously.
Make sure
he doesn’t jet off with you.
Not before you sell the tutor.
You are very funny.
Uh-hmm.
That’s literally what I...
I didn’t say
I wanna go through this now.
Okay.
Well. what’s a better time?
[Kate] Walker?
Just. okay. just hang on.
all right. just go. okay?
Kate Burns I presume.
Yes.
I am--I am so sorry.
Uh. is everything okay?
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
It’s just my ex-girlfriend.
She knows where I stay
when I’m in town
and it’s nothing.
Maybe you two should talk?
No. no. no. We. um.
we don’t need to be having
the same conversation
we’ve been having for months.
And I’d much rather
to be speaking to you
but I totally understand
if you wanna leave.
Well. uh. we all have exes.
So you’ll stay?
I’ll stay.
All right.
Well. let’s have a drink.
So what can I get for you?
No. let me guess.
You have intelligence.
um. a wine drinker.
white wine. dry.
touch of something floral
or fruity.
How do you do that?
It’s my job
to read my client’s tastes.
Who are your clients?
I’m an art dealer
for some wealthy individuals
but I do travel a lot.
so I hope
that’s not a deal breaker.
No. I. uh. I gathered that
from your Instagram.
What kind of art
do you usually buy?
Mostly European masters.
But Kate Burns.
I wanna know all about you.
How do you spend your days?
Uh. selling houses.
I’m a real estate agent.
How did you get in that?
Well. I started my career
in journalism.
[Walker] Okay. Covering?
Mostly local government.
city council meetings.
things like that.
So big fish in small ponds?
I mean. that must’ve been
pretty interesting.
-Not interesting enough.
-Yeah?
I. uh. I tag along
with my best friend
when she did open houses
on the weekends.
-Uh-hmm.
-And eventually
I discovered
I liked what she did
more than working
at a newspaper.
Well. I’m gonna take
a guess you’re very good at it.
-Seemed like a natural fit.
-Uh-hmm.
-So. Walker.
I like that name.
It’s unique.
It’s a family name.
So you’re a junior?
No. No. no.
it’s my mother’s maiden name.
She. uh.
she didn’t have any brothers
on that side of the family
to continue the name. so...
Oh.
What would your name be
if you got your mother’s
maiden name?
Johnson. Yeah.
-It would have been really bad.
-Okay.
[laughs]
[waitress] Yes. Mr. Stevenson?
Uh. could we get your best
bottle of champagne please?
Absolutely.
-That okay?
-Sure.
Do you have
the Dom Perignon 2012?
-Of course.
-And two chilled flutes please.
Absolutely.
-Champagne?
-Uh-hmm.
What are we celebrating?
Natural fits.
When people
and names just click.
it’s good to stop and celebrate.
[Kate] Copenhagen. Really?
[Walker] I know.
I know most people
don’t see it
as one of the best
European cities
but with the type of art
I specialize in.
it’s just as rich
as Rome. Paris.
Berlin. now you go.
Marseille.
-Wow. really?
-Yeah. I know.
It’s not as glamorous
as some of the others.
No. no. no. no. Absolutely.
I love Marseille.
Its harbors
and markets are amazing.
I just...
I didn’t expect that from you.
It’s actually the only time
I’ve ever been abroad.
Junior year in college.
Well. hopefully that changes.
Travel is the spice of life.
Oh. well. I would love
to travel. believe me.
It’s just. um. I guess
I’ve been working a lot lately.
Well. I travel to Europe mostly
to assess art clients.
Assess?
Yeah. it’s my job to see
if the painting is an original
and if it’s in good shape
for my clients to make an offer.
-Do they ever come along?
-Uh. no.
Way too busy.
That’s why they hire me.
Have you. uh.
have you ever been married?
No.
Ever gotten close?
I thought so.
What happened?
He didn’t.
His mistake.
Have you?
My job makes it very difficult.
I find that hard to believe.
Most women
like the fancy dinners
and exotic travel
but inevitably
they grow tired of me
being out of town all the time.
That’s exactly why I joined
the app because I figured.
"Hey. if I’m honest
right off the bat
then maybe there’ll be
no trouble down the road."
But that’s what’s
most important to me. Kate.
It’s honesty.
Yeah. For me too.
Well. if I’m being honest. I...
had a wonderful night.
So did I.
If I’m being really honest.
I wanna kiss you.
Hey.
So it looks like
Prince Charming was real.
And a dream.
Uh-oh.
He was charming
but he was also
super down-to-earth.
He asked questions
and really listened.
And sends flowers the next day.
-Pretty perfect.
-Come on. Viv.
Just let me enjoy this.
Okay.
Just please don’t go too fast.
-Get to know him.
-Don’t worry. I will.
They’re beautiful.
And of course
you guessed my favorite flower.
Well. milady.
they’re to remind you
of the beauty of last night
and to apologize.
For what?
Well. I wanted
to ask you out again.
immediately actually
but I just found out
I gotta leave town for business.
For how long?
[Walker] Two weeks.
Oh.
Kate. I’m so. so sorry.
That’s what I was talking about.
It’s. uh.
it’s the nature of the job
and I know
it’s not easy for everyone.
No. no. I completely understand.
It’s for work.
You have to go.
We can text when I’m gone
and I’ll take you out
as soon as I get back.
I promise.
Of course.
Have a good trip.
Thanks.
[phone chimes]
[dramatic music]
[doorbell rings]
Hi.
Hey. babe.
You did get some color.
Well. I managed to get
to the beach on my last day.
Well. I should be here
for the rest of the week.
[Kate] Ah. lucky me.
Well. maybe you could join me
one day.
Yeah. Maybe.
Too soon?
No. that’s not it.
What then?
Well. when you take off
at a moment’s notice.
it’s for work.
If I were to try
and get away like that.
my job’s different.
I get it.
Maybe one day?
One day.
[dog barking]
[man] Come on. Come on.
Good boy.
You like dogs?
I love them.
I wish I had one
but with the amount I work.
it wouldn’t be fair.
Growing up. I had a doggy
called Peppermint.
cheeky little Maltese
with a crazy and a bite.
Oh. no.
What about you?
Uh. ours was a Great Dane.
-[Walker] Uh-huh.
-Geronimo.
Geronimo. I like that.
Yeah. My dad was a big fan
of old Western movies.
[scoffs] Geronimo.
Yeah.
It’s so beautiful out here.
I wish you were here.
Are you going to dinner soon?
The hosts are throwing
a little party in my honor.
Sounds like
they’re spoiling you.
They are.
Which makes me think
of spoiling you when I get back.
Ooh.
I like the sound of that.
Kate. I just wanna say
I’ve never felt so at ease
-with someone so quickly.
-I know.
I can’t believe
it’s only been a month.
[Walker] I really hope
I’m not moving too fast
by asking this but...
would you be my girlfriend?
I don’t think
that’s moving too fast at all.
I’d love to.
I wish I was there
with you right now.
Trust me. me too.
But I better get cracking
before I’m late to my own party.
-so...
-Of course.
I’ll talk to you soon.
[computer beeps]
Whoa.
Looks like
a botanical garden in here.
You know. there is such a thing
as overkill.
Well. Walker.
he’s very effusive.
Hmm. Yeah. I’ll say.
He likes buying me
beautiful things.
You guys have only
been dating a month.
And most of that time
he’s been out of town.
Well. I mean.
we text and FaceTime every day.
We like each other a lot.
And look.
He’s in Nice right now.
That’s the Mediterranean
behind him.
Yeah. it looks like
the Pacific to me.
-Vivian.
-I want you to be happy.
I do. I just think
you should also be careful.
You hardly know this guy at all.
Well. he’s a big-hearted
romantic.
Uh. he gets home tomorrow.
so you’ll meet him.
and then you’ll see.
[dramatic music]
[phone chimes]
Hey. are you on your way?
[Walker] I need you
to pick me up.
-Sure. At the hotel?
-[Walker] No. no.
I’m sending my coordinates.
Coordinates?
[Walker] Did you get it?
[phone chimes]
Uh-huh.
Walker. are you okay?
[Walker] Yeah.
Just come quickly.
Sure. I’ll be right there.
I can’t wait to...
[phone beeping]
[airplane engine revving]
[suspenseful music]
[knocking on window]
[Walker] Unlock the door.
-Walker. what’s wrong?
-Unlock the door!
Okay.
[suspenseful music]
Walker. is everything okay?
Uh-huh. Just please drive.
Let’s go.
[suspenseful music]
Walker?
[sighs]
My gosh.
it’s so good to see you.
Walker. what’s going on?
I just wanted to make sure
that your house
and your car weren’t bugged.
Bugged. why?
Kate. you don’t understand
how far their reach is.
That’s why
I wanted you to pick me up.
-I had to lose them.
-What...who?
Look. I know
this must be confusing
and even a little scary.
but I promised you
I’d be honest with you.
So let me explain fully.
You know. there wasn’t
a single day that went by
where I wasn’t thinking
about you.
I never believed in fate
or love at first sight.
or any of that kind of stuff.
but with you. it’s different.
I feel like we’re meant
to be together.
But before we go further.
I am...
I have to tell you that my work
can be dangerous.
Dangerous how?
See that painting over there?
That’s an original Bruegel.
I’m sorry. I don’t--
I don’t know much about art.
Pieter Bruegel the Elder.
he was. uh. a Flemish painter
in the 16th century.
the most significant
Dutch painter
of the Renaissance.
So. it’s valuable?
Uh-hmm. $6.2 million.
The package against the wall
is worth $6 million?
Yeah.
My client thinks it will
look great over his mantle.
Well. if he can pay that much.
why doesn’t he hire someone
professional to transport it?
I mean. there must be companies
that specialize
in that kind of thing?
Of course. you’re right.
But my clients
don’t follow the usual paths.
Their wealth allows them
to do things their own way.
I still don’t understand
how that’s dangerous.
My client doesn’t want anyone
to know he owns this painting.
Why?
He has his reasons.
Only some of which I know.
But the most important
is I keep it safe.
Well. wouldn’t it be safest
to get the painting to him?
I mean. don’t rich people
have. like. crazy alarm systems?
The thing is.
some very bad people
found out about the purchase.
They’ve staked out his house.
And we’re talking
about dangerous men.
the kind that won’t be stopped
by an alarm system.
I’m even worried
they’re onto me.
Walker. you have to call
the police.
Well. the police have no way
of stopping these guys.
Has to be handled off the grid.
So what are you gonna do?
Well. I need to find
a secure place
to hide the painting.
make sure they don’t find me.
Stay away
until things blow over.
It always does. Eventually.
So this has happened before?
Well. I have my way
of dealing with these things.
Don’t worry.
they won’t get the painting.
It’s not the painting
I’m worried about.
Um. I’m so sorry that I dumped
all of this on you so suddenly.
My job affords me
a lavish life.
but it comes
with responsibility.
too much sometimes.
Look. Walker. I wanna help you.
In any way I can.
You’re so kind. so beautiful.
How’d I get so lucky?
You’re sweet.
You know. you could keep
the painting here.
Kate. uh. I don’t know.
I’d never wanna put you
in any danger.
Well. I mean.
you saw for yourself.
My place isn’t being watched.
It’ll be safe.
Okay.
Okay. But only for a few days.
uh. before I figure
something else out.
Okay.
[dramatic music]
I’m sorry.
I thought you heard me.
Um...
I’m so sorry. I just. um--
You wanted to see?
I understand.
See. the trouble is. the sun...
and air pollutants
can cause irreparable damage.
That’s why it needs
to stay covered
until it’s in
a protective frame.
But I have another way
of showing you.
So...
-[Kate] Oh. it’s beautiful.
-[Walker] Mm-hmm.
Yeah. he’s mostly known
for his landscapes.
He also does pictures
and prints of peasants.
Can you feel the life
and the movement?
I love all the little vignettes
and characters.
I’m glad you appreciate it.
[sighs]
I’m so sorry.
I should’ve just asked.
No.
You have every right
to be curious.
I just hope with time
you’ll come to trust me more.
I will.
I do.
Shall we go to bed?
-Yes.
-Hmm.
[tense music]
[indistinct crowd chattering]
Where is he? I’m starving.
He said he’ll be here
in a few minutes.
He’s walking form the hotel.
Tell me again
why he lives at a hotel.
He doesn’t live there.
Look. he’s on the road so much
it doesn’t make sense
to have something permanent.
A hotel is much easier.
Hmm. seems a little odd to me.
to not have a home.
We work in real estate. Viv.
Of course
it doesn’t make sense to us.
-Good point.
-Look.
Walker isn’t like anyone
I have ever met.
Yeah. that’s what’s got
my spidey sense tingling.
But that’s why I like him.
He doesn’t follow conventions.
Can you give him a chance
for me?
-Please?
-Okay.
-Oh. there he is.
-[Walker] Hey.
I am so sorry. I. uh...
I thought it’d be faster to walk
instead of waiting for a cab.
Did you--did you wait long?
Uh. just enough time
to have a glass of wine
and unwind.
Yeah? Busy day?
Uh. two house showings.
Wow. You’re a rock star. babe.
Uh. oh. I’m so sorry.
Uh. Walker. this is Vivian.
Vivian. I feel like I know you.
I’ve heard so much about you.
Likewise.
Well. ladies. I insist
we have the antipasto.
It’s the best in the city.
You’re absolutely right.
Uh. thank you.
You know. art dealers tend
to specialize in modern art
because it tends
to be more affordable
and they’re still producing.
so there’s a steady supply.
But not you. huh?
I’m a bit of an outlier.
I just...I don’t get it.
Like. what’s people’s obsession
with paint splatters?
So you’re not
a Jackson Pollock fan?
No. No. I. uh...
I guess I have
more traditional tastes.
I appreciate natural beauty.
the kind that steals your heart
when you gaze at it.
You know. I used to live
in New York down in Soho.
Um. I’m assuming
you spent a lot of time in Soho
because of all the galleries.
Oh. for sure. Yeah.
This lovely lady will tell you
I travel the country.
not to mention the world.
Well. I used to live right above
a pretty famous gallery.
The Crabelle.
You’ve heard of it?
Sure.
They used to have
a lot of events.
some host art openings.
I never went to any. but...
Yeah. Well. you know.
when you’re in the business.
those kinds of things
tend to get pretty tedious.
All right. guys.
Can I get you anything else?
Anything else?
-No. I’m good.
-Thank you.
-Are you sure?
-Yeah.
-Just the check. please.
-Here you go.
Thank you.
All right.
-Here you go.
-Oh. no.
I really wanted
to take you guys out.
No. no. Vivian. please. I...
it’s the least I can do.
It’s my way of apologizing
for being late.
Well. I’ll at least get the tip.
No. no. Gift isn’t really a gift
if it’s only partial.
And it’s really great
to finally meet you
’cause I intend
to spend a lot of time
with this special lady.
Hi. Um. sir. I’m so sorry.
but your credit card
was declined.
Uh. do you have another
that you’d like to use?
Uh. no. no. You know what?
I’ll do--I’ll do cash.
Uh. I’ll tell you what.
If I had a nickel
for every time this happened.
I mean. I get these
credit card companies
wanna prevent fraud.
but seriously.
some of us travel.
Keep the change.
Oh. Thank you.
Uh. you guys
have a wonderful night.
Ladies. shall we?
Yeah.
-Thank you.
-[Walker] Mm-hmm.
Oh. my God. I am so happy
that you got to meet Vivian.
I think she liked you.
Kate. there’s no reason to lie.
Look. I know how she can
come off as abrasive.
She’s just protective.
Well. I felt
like she was testing me.
Well. she was.
You were hardly intimidated.
Well. no. Not with you
by my side. I wasn’t.
Look. um. Vivian and I.
we’ve been through
thick and thin.
We’d do anything for each other.
You’re lucky to have that.
What?
Hmm?
Where’d you go?
Nowhere. I. um...
Walker. I can tell
there’s something wrong.
You remember when my credit card
was declined?
Yeah.
Well. that wasn’t
because I was traveling.
That was the criminals
that I told you about.
They’ve been tracking
my purchases
to try to figure out
my whereabouts.
And for security reasons.
I had to stop my cards.
I totally forgot
when I handed it over.
Well. do they know
where you are now?
No. Not yet.
Walker. you need
to go to the police.
I told you.
There’s nothing they can do.
It’s just gonna backfire.
Okay. Then you hide
out here with me
until they give up.
Man. I wish I could.
But I have clients.
I have business to attend to.
And if you travel.
they’ll find you.
Well. I do have cash
that I can use.
But at some point.
that’s gonna run out.
And if I withdraw.
then they’ll track me.
-Okay.
-If I could just get access
to a credit card
for. like. a week or two.
In the past.
my business associates did that.
but now they’re onto them. too.
I could give you my card.
Wait. You’d lend me one?
Sure.
I. um...
What is this?
$10.000.
Just to put your mind at ease.
See it as a down payment.
Why don’t you use this
instead of my card?
Well. there’s many things
you can only do on credit.
Well. I don’t need this.
No. no. I want you to have it.
At the very least.
just hold onto it for me.
Okay.
Kate. you’re the best.
The kind of woman
I could build a life with.
I really think we make
an amazing team. don’t you?
Well. yeah.
So do you think I could get
that card from you now?
Oh. um. well. actually.
I also need to use it. so...
Well. maybe you could open
a new account
and that way
we just keep charges separate.
Okay.
Do you think you could...
take care of it first thing
in the morning?
It’s just that I need
to keep my business running.
I think a $30.000 limit
should be--should be good.
Oh. wow. Um...
okay. sure.
Kate. you’re amazing.
Now. let’s get some rest. hmm?
Mm-hmm.
-Hey.
I thought I would hear from you
last night after dinner.
Uh. we were a little busy.
So what’d you think?
Well...
I knew it. You don’t like him.
-Well. he’s certainly charming.
-Come on. Viv.
It’s never been like you
to beat around the bush.
I can tell how much
you like him. Kate.
-But he’s a liar.
-Huh?
You know the gallery I said
I lived above in New York?
The one that Walker
said he knew well.
Yeah. what about it?
The Crabelle Gallery
doesn’t exist.
-I made it up.
-Uh...
um. okay.
-What does that prove?
-That he lies.
-He said he knew it.
-[Kate] Come on. Viv.
Maybe he got the name wrong
or. God forbid.
he was embarrassed
that he didn’t know the name
of a famous art gallery
and he just played it off.
Are you listening to yourself?
You’re making excuses for him.
You Googled him. right?
-Of course.
-Okay.
So then.
you saw all of these.
Yeah. anybody can create
a website.
Okay.
Well. what about all
of these articles
saying how well-respected
and successful he is
in the art world?
I mean. can anybody
get these published?
And what about
his social media accounts?
I mean. unless
he’s test driving expensive cars
and great with Photoshop.
he’s got a lot of money.
And he gave me 10 grand in cash.
Oh. God. He’s a drug dealer!
No. no. no!
It was from one of his clients.
Kate. does he have you involved
in something shady?
No. Look. Vivian.
I’m just trying to say
that he lives
in a world of money
that we can’t understand.
To him. 10 grand
isn’t a big deal.
I think
you’re so head over heels
that you don’t see
the red flags.
And I think that I just have
a little more faith in people.
You should try it.
It’s the only way to find love.
Look. I get it.
You don’t trust Walker.
But can you please just try
to trust me?
I just hope you know
what you’re doing.
Do you still wanna try
that little Italian place?
[Walker] Uh. well. I. um...
We have plans tonight. don’t we?
[Walker] Yeah. of course.
It’s just...
you know. actually.
would you mind
if I came over to your place
and we just...we ordered in?
No. of course not.
[Walker] Great. I’ll. uh...
I’ll be there soon.
Just don’t scream
when you see me.
Wait. What? Why?
[phone beeps]
Walker?
[exhales heavily]
[knocks on door]
[Kate] Oh. my God!
-Hey.
-Are you okay?
Yeah. Trust me.
I’ve been much worse.
Okay.
Um. let’s get you something
for the swelling.
What happened?
The guys jumped me as soon
as I walked out of the hotel.
What? Who did?
The criminals I told you about.
Oh. my God.
Don’t worry. I’m...
I’m fine. I got away.
I was hiding in a Starbucks
when you called.
I made sure
they didn’t follow me here.
I mean. if they know
where you’ve been staying.
they must also know
who you’ve been seeing.
I was careful to come by foot.
I took detours.
I had to make sure
no one was following me.
There’s no way
they could trace me here.
But how can you be sure?
I mean. Walker. look at you.
Kate. I’m never gonna let
anything happen to you.
I promise.
-We need to go to the cops.
-No. Kate. Cops just...
I mean. they bring
too many questions.
And if my clients think
that they can’t rely
on my discretion.
no matter what happens.
this is all over for me.
-This is crazy.
-I know.
Once they realize
they can’t find the painting.
it should all stop.
But I might have to go away
for a while.
What? Where?
I don’t know.
Um. is it a headache?
-Mm-hmm.
-Okay.
Uh. let me get something for it.
-Here. baby.
-Thank you.
Ibuprofen. is this all you have?
Yeah.
I’m allergic. but no worries.
I’ll. uh...
I’ll just go
to the convenience store.
-It’s. like. five minutes away.
-What? No. No.
Um. I will go. you stay here.
and I’m gonna be back. okay?
-Are you sure?
-[Kate] Yes. Absolutely.
Thank you.
Of course.
[suspenseful music]
[camera shutter clicks]
[car engine revving]
[suspenseful music]
[door opening]
Hi.
Okay.
-That was quick.
-[Kate] Yeah.
I. uh. forgot I had some aspirin
in my glove compartment.
So take three of those.
That’s what I do
when I have
a really bad headache.
Could you give me some water?
Oh. yeah. Of course.
-Thank you.
-[Kate] Of course.
Maybe I should take you
to the hospital.
Uh-uh.
No. I’ve had much worse.
Besides I’m a quick healer.
You could have a concussion.
I don’t. And even if I did.
do you know what they’d tell me?
"Go home and rest."
Yeah. maybe I should go.
You shouldn’t have
to play nurse.
Are you crazy?
Where are you gonna go?
I don’t know. Some...
hotel or something.
No. you are going to stay here
whether you like it or not.
at least for tonight. Okay?
Okay. Doctor.
Walker?
Hmm?
I need to ask you something.
Ask away.
The Crabelle Gallery.
Yeah. what about it?
[Kate] It doesn’t exist.
I know.
You do?
So why didn’t you say anything?
Well. I didn’t wanna come
across like I’m a jerk.
I don’t wanna embarrass Vivian
because she got the name wrong.
Why? Is something wrong?
No. No.
No. nothing at all.
Hmm.
Oh.
Your card. I was only able
to get a $15.000 credit limit
on it.
So. I hope that’s okay.
Kate. this is...
thank you.
Of course. I’m happy to help.
How about I go get us something
to eat?
That sounds great.
Yeah.
No. I’ve got that sorted.
Absolutely. yeah.
Right.
In about seven days.
Okay.
Sorry. got to go.
Okay. Bye.
I’m sorry. Did I wake you?
-What’s going on?
-Kate. listen to me.
I have to leave the country
immediately.
-What?
-Just a few days.
a week at the most.
Why? Who was that?
That’s a client of mine. I...
things developed and I just...
I can’t get into it right now.
Okay.
But I have a favor to ask you.
A really big favor.
but I’m gonna make it up to you.
I swear.
I have 20.000 in cash
back at the hotel.
but I can’t get to it.
Oh. well...
So. when your bank opens.
how much could you take out?
Well. I only have
a couple thousand
-in my checking.
-Mm-hmm.
What about savings?
Uh. retirement funds.
any other kind of...
-I can. but--
-I’ll pay you back.
And I...the moment I get back.
I promise.
I’ll pay you back with interest.
No. you don’t need to do that.
No. I want to.
I wanna take care of you always.
Okay. But what do I do if...
If what?
If something happens to you?
Well. I thought about that...
and that’s why
I had this drawn up.
Oh. my God. Is this your will?
If anything ever happens to me.
everything I have is yours.
This is not necessary.
Kate. I mean it when I say
I wanna take care of you.
You’re the best thing
that’s ever happened to me.
So. we’ll go to the bank
this morning?
Yeah.
Great.
[Vivian] Hey.
Hi.
Everything okay?
Yeah. fine. Why?
Because it’s just not like you
to come in so late
and not at least text me.
I had an errand to run
first thing.
You look pretty tired.
Thanks. Viv.
Hey. honesty is the best policy.
So you’re gonna tell me
what’s going on?
I just didn’t sleep much
last night.
Trouble with Walker?
No. We’re fine. actually.
Best we’ve ever been.
-Okay.
-Uh-hmm.
All right.
Hope you get some sleep tonight.
[sighs]
[suspenseful music]
[indistinct chatter]
Eliza?
Eliza Porter?
I’m Kate Burns.
We’ve never officially met.
but...
we have a mutual friend.
Walker Stevenson.
How did you find me?
Uh. you were drinking
one of those cappuccinos
in one of your posts.
I gotta give you credit.
I mean.
most girls on a first date
if they see the guy
talking to his ex.
they would run for the hills.
[laughs] Yeah.
I guess I don’t scare
that easily.
Can I ask what you guys
were talking about.
if you don’t mind me asking?
Well. um...
it’s a bit embarrassing.
I was begging him
to take me back.
Yeah. I had broken things off.
but then regretted it.
so I showed up
and asked him
to give us another chance.
Can I ask why
you broke things off?
Well. you know how Walker lives.
I never saw him for more than
a couple days at a time
and he was always
heading off somewhere.
Yeah.
Is that why you searched me out.
to commiserate?
I guess...
I guess I just wondered if--
If he’s the real deal?
Yeah.
He seems too good to be true.
[chuckles]
So did he ever take you
with him on these trips?
Oh. uh. he offered.
but I have a job
that requires me
to show up
at an office every day.
so I just couldn’t swing it.
So you do believe that
he’s an art consultant then?
Oh. I saw some pretty
amazing paintings.
the kind that you see
in museums.
And I got to meet
some of his clients.
Look. Walker is a catch.
He’s smart.
He’s sexy.
He’s successful.
He’s a true gentleman.
I mean. the entire time
that we were together.
he treated me like a queen.
I hear a but coming.
But with him. you need to be
able to go with the flow.
And I just...
I didn’t want to anymore.
And I thought that
I was making the right decision
by breaking things off.
but I realized that
there aren’t any other
Walker Stevensons out there.
He’s one of a kind.
You should count yourself lucky.
[clears throat]
[suspenseful music]
[doorbell rings]
Can I help you?
-Katherine Burns?
-Yes.
My name is Carmen Logan.
I’m with the Los Angeles
Police Department.
-You’re a police officer?
-[Carmen] Yes. ma’am.
May I come in?
Um. I’d like to see
some identification first.
please.
What is this about?
I got a call
from Pacific Mutual.
From who?
If you’ll just give me
a few minutes.
Please. have a sit.
Can I get you anything to drink?
-No. I’m fine.
-Okay.
So you said Pacific Mutual?
The bank?
-Yes.
-I’m not a client.
No. but your credit card
company is.
I’m part of the LAPD division
that investigates fraud.
Fraud?
Ms. Burns. you took out
a new card recently.
Have you checked
the card’s balance?
I haven’t gotten
a statement yet.
You don’t monitor it online?
-No.
-Okay.
Well. would you mind
signing into the account
just so we can take a look?
Okay.
[suspenseful music]
[Carmen] Everything look okay?
-I guess.
-Really?
Looks like pretty unusual
spending for someone
who rarely exceeds a $400
balance on her other card.
Well. um.
some things came up this month.
-A friend’s birthday.
-Hmm.
Is someone else using
your card. Ms. Burns?
No. Why?
One of the vendors noticed
that the person
trying to use your card
was a man.
He said he was your fiance.
I checked
the store’s security camera.
Do you know this man?
Is he your fiance?
You didn’t know about this.
did you?
Well. I knew he had the card.
I ordered it for him.
And he’s going to pay me back
right away with cash.
So I don’t really see
why this is a problem.
By making all these charges.
he exceeded
your credit limit big time.
You know that increases
your interest rate. don’t you?
Okay. But I’m pretty sure
that’s not a crime.
-What’s your boyfriend’s name?
-Walker Stevenson.
That may be the name
he’s going by now.
but his real name
is Steven Khamel.
He’s been doing this
for a while.
We just had trouble
getting ahead of him.
Doing what exactly?
Conning women
out of their life savings.
racking up debt.
and then disappearing.
I don’t believe it.
You’re telling me
you’ve had no doubts about him?
This is just an ordinary
relationship?
Well. no. but I did my research.
checked him out.
Plus. he gave me...
he gave me 10 grand in cash
and. more importantly.
left an expensive painting
with me.
Okay. Can I see it?
Sure.
It’s a multimillion-dollar
Dutch painting.
He’s leaving it here
until it’s safe
to give it to the owner.
-May I?
-Yeah.
Just please be careful.
What are you doing?
This is one of a kind!
The sun. it can mess it.
[Carmen] No. no. no. no.
It’s a poster.
He. no doubt. bought it
for 40 bucks
at a museum gift shop.
The frame. he probably
picked up at a yard sale.
[sighs]
What do I do?
When did he say he’d return?
He didn’t know.
A few days. Maybe a week.
Okay. I need you to pretend
like everything is fine.
He can’t know
that you’re on to him.
And then as soon as you hear
from him. let me know.
[sighs]
And if I don’t let you know?
You think that’s a good idea?
It’s possible he’ll pay me back.
I mean.
maybe he just needs help.
There’s gotta be reason he lied.
I’m afraid to ask how much cash
you’ve already given him
because some of that will go
towards conning another woman.
That’s how he works.
If you help me.
we can stop Mr. Khamel
from fleecing another woman.
How many are there?
That we know of?
Do you really wanna know?
[cellphone ringing]
Hey.
Kate. I was--
I was so worried about you.
I’ve been calling.
I’ve been texting.
but you didn’t answer.
I’m sorry.
I. um. I wasn’t feeling well.
I just woke up from a nap.
I’m sorry.
I hope I didn’t wake you.
No. I just got out
of the shower. so...
Yeah? I wish I was there
to peel the towel off of you.
make you feel better.
Walker. um. I got an email
from my credit card company
today.
Uh-huh.
You exceeded my credit limit
and now my interest rate
is going up.
Wait. Is this why
you’ve been ignoring me?
Kate. you don’t need to worry.
I said I’d pay you back long
before your charges are due.
Yeah. I guess it’s just.
um. all the credit.
that has me a little nervous.
Is there any way
you could pay me back this week?
Well. of course.
I totally understand.
And I’ll be back very soon.
But until then.
can you just trust me a longer?
Okay.
[Walker] I’ll see you very soon.
And. Kate. I love you.
Goodnight. Walker.
[suspenseful music]
[car engine revs]
[Don] That’s why we had you
come in this morning. Ms. Burns.
So you’re saying someone
tried to move all my money
-out of my savings account?
-Yes.
As happens in these cases.
data is breached
and the criminal signs
into the person’s account
and then attempts
to transfer a large sum.
So someone hacked
into your database
and got my username
and password?
Well. no.
Not in this case.
Okay. What happened?
[Don] Well. thankfully.
you set up a two-factor
authentication
to approve large transfers.
We sent a text to your phone
but you never responded.
so the transfer
couldn’t be completed.
Yeah. I’ve been a little busy
and I actually
never fully read it.
I thought it was spam.
When the transfer attempt
happened again.
our system knew
you had been hacked.
That’s why I called.
Well. thank you.
I’m glad you did.
We usually don’t ask people
to come into the bank
when they’ve been hacked.
Okay.
Whoever got into your account
must have had quite a bit
of information on you.
Unfortunately.
a lot of people’s information
is fairly easy to get.
Name. address. Social.
driver’s license.
But the security questions
are a lot harder.
-What?
-So your account
is guarded by a series
of personal questions.
Prompts that you set up when
you first opened the account.
You know.
mother’s maiden name. first pet.
those kinds of things.
This person
got all those questions right.
What would your name be
if you got
your mother’s maiden name?
Johnson.
Ours was a Great Dane. Geronimo.
Geronimo. I like that.
[Don] Ms. Burns?
Ms. Burns?
Are you okay?
Um. yeah.
Yeah.
Well. we’ll conduct
our own investigation.
but whoever did this
obviously knows you
and knows you well.
I would suggest
contacting the police.
see if they’ll investigate.
[Kate]
I feel so incredibly stupid.
A lot of women.
smart professional women
have fallen for his scheme.
You’re not alone.
Still...
This wasn’t a Nigerian scam.
Ms. Burns.
Steven Khamel
is incredibly sophisticated.
What do I do now?
How do I get my money back?
Well. once he’s caught.
you can file a civil suit
to get back your cash.
But the credit card.
because you gave him
the card to use.
those charges
are probably a loss.
[sighs] Okay.
I want my money back. of course.
but. more importantly.
I want him caught.
-You’re sure?
-Of course. I’m sure.
Many of Mr. Khamel’s victims
didn’t wanna help us
track him down.
Why?
Well. I can’t be sure.
but maybe they felt
the same way you do.
embarrassed that
they got taken advantage of.
But. also. I believe
his ability to charm
or intimidate
shouldn’t be underestimated.
Look. right now.
I am well past embarrassment.
I’m angry.
And I am not going
to let him scare me.
-Just tell me what I need to do.
-Okay.
Maybe when he calls.
I’ll tell him
that I wanna make him dinner
and then you come in
and arrest him.
Well. he has highly attuned
skills at reading people.
And because he couldn’t transfer
your money.
he knows the bank is on alert.
He probably already suspects
something’s up.
That’s what’s made him
so hard to catch.
But there’s gotta be
some way to get him though.
Oh. men like him
have a lot of pride.
He might lose his cool
or mess up
if you were to chip away at it.
Um. I need to check
your audio so I can...
could you say something. please?
Same something.
Okay. Sounds good.
[sighs]
You ever done a podcast before?
[chuckles] No.
Um. I mean.
I’ve been interviewed
for articles but never
in front of the camera.
Just act like you’re having
coffee with a friend.
very relaxed and natural.
I’ll ask questions and all you
have to do is respond.
I’m still shocked you responded
to my email.
and so quickly.
Thank you.
My team and I are suckers
for a good story.
[chuckles] Well. I blasted
all over my social media.
so everyone I know
should be watching.
Okay. Are you guys ready
to start recording?
-Uh...
-Yeah.
You can put this on.
Thank you.
Hey. just relax. okay?
Just be yourself
and share what he’s done to you.
Now. let’s nail
that son of a bitch.
[Lucy]
Recording in three. two...
Hello. everyone.
Welcome to episode 312
of You Wouldn’t Believe.
a podcast about the crazy things
that happen around us.
I’m your host. Sarah Masters.
And today’s story is a story
that is every woman’s nightmare.
You go on a dating app.
You meet a cute guy.
He seems like Mr. Right
but he ends up being Mr. Wrong.
Kate Burns is with me today
to talk about
a hellish experience
that she’s just been through.
-Welcome. Kate.
-Thank you for having me. Sarah.
So you met a guy
on a dating app.
-Then what happened?
-Uh. yeah.
I met a handsome. charming man
who took me
to fancy restaurants.
sent me flowers.
But it turns out
he was doing all of that
to scam me out of my savings.
Well. candlelight and roses
are every woman’s Achilles heel.
Yeah. I mean. that’s the worst
part of all of it.
This guy.
he’s fooled many other women.
But. of course.
you didn’t know that.
No. Not until recently.
[Sarah]
So tell us about what happened.
Uh. well. he told me
that his name
was Walker Stevenson.
Since then. I’ve learned that
he’s actually Steven Khamel.
He claims to be
a wealthy art dealer.
And he plays the part
by wearing designer clothes.
going to fancy restaurants.
traveling all over Europe.
What?
Actually. I don’t know
if he travels at all.
But I do know
that he is not a millionaire.
He’s nothing more than
a con man who preys on women.
He made it seem like he was
being pursued by criminals
who wanted this art
that he had bought
for one of his client.
And he told me that
to throw them off his trail.
he needed to use my credit card
and borrow my money.
Wow.
That’s rough.
I mean. most of us
feel embarrassed
when we feel like
we’ve been had.
It is so brave of you
-to come forward and share this.
-Yeah.
It’s been hard to admit
to myself and others.
But I don’t wanna allow him
to do this to any other women.
If you see this man.
call the police immediately.
Steven Khamel must be stopped.
[dramatic music]
I can’t wait any longer.
For what? Dessert?
No. The. um...
the episode has dropped
and I want to see if anybody
saw it and reached out.
Yeah. a lot of text messages
from friends. family.
My mom called. of course.
So did Walker.
So he saw it.
He left eight messages.
Well. play them.
I wanna hear
what he has to say for himself.
I don’t--I don’t know if I can.
Remember.
you did the right thing.
You know. sticks and stones
may break your bones
-but words will never--
-I know.
-You’re right.
-Yeah.
[sighs]
Okay.
[Walker] Hi. Kate. It’s me.
I. uh...I just got back
into town
and heard something
very disturbing.
Please. um...
please call me right away.
Kate. it’s me again.
What is this crap? Huh?
How could you do this to me
after everything we’ve shared?
There’s so much
you don’t understand.
So much that I wanna tell you.
Kate. listen to me. I love you.
He’s insane.
[Walker] Okay. you little bitch.
If this is how you wanna
play it. you have no idea
who you’re messing with here.
all right?
You have no idea
what I can do to you.
You ruined my life.
and I’m making you
a promise today.
I am gonna ruin yours.
Enough.
There’s nothing else
you need to hear.
Maybe I should stay over
the night.
Yeah. Thanks.
You doing okay?
Yeah.
I’m fine. Just tired.
You know. I think
I’m gonna hit the sack.
Well. free to wake me up
if you need to.
For any reason.
Thanks. Viv.
Goodnight.
[suspenseful music]
[sighs]
[doorbell ringing]
All right. I’m coming.
[knocks on door]
Hey!
I saw the podcast.
He...
he did the same thing to me.
Thank you.
So when did you find out
about the real Walker?
I opened up a credit card
for him.
just like you did.
And he maxed out the card
and then he paid me back
with a check
and the check bounced.
I’m embarrassed to say that...
What?
Even after the check bounced.
I still believed him.
He gave me so many excuses.
I...I don’t know.
I guess I just...
I wanted to believe.
I understand.
Look. Eliza.
you should have told me
when I asked you about him.
I know.
I know. I...
I just...I couldn’t.
But you have to share
your story.
I mean. not just with me
but with the public
so that more women
don’t get hurt.
Oh. no. no.
That’s why I came here.
I came here to warn you.
to let you know that
you can’t do that anymore.
You just don’t understand.
Understand what?
What the criminals
might do to you.
What criminals?
Much of what Walker says
is a lie
but he does deal
with some dangerous people.
I know that for certain.
And if you keep talking
about him in public.
they might hurt you
to get to him.
But why would anyone wanna
hurt me to get to him?
I just outed him
publicly as a liar.
I’ve seen these people
do terrible things
when they don’t get
what they want.
And I felt guilty
that I didn’t warn you before.
so I was hoping that I could now
before it’s too late.
Look. Eliza. I appreciate you
coming to warn me
but I am not afraid.
Now. that the story is out.
I’m pretty sure
no one will mess with me.
That’s where you’re wrong.
These guys are vindictive.
And if somebody
gets in their way.
they know how to hurt you
in ways that
you wouldn’t expect.
Eliza.
how did you get my address?
Uh. you can find
anybody’s address
with an internet search.
No. Uh. not mine.
As a relator.
I have to be extra safe.
The deed for this house
isn’t under my name.
It’s under an LLC.
It’s not listed anywhere.
I swear I found you
on an internet search.
Okay. Here. I’ll show you.
[gasps]
You should have
just listened to me.
All he wants is
to be left alone.
Eliza. please.
You do not wanna do this.
especially not for him.
Oh. but he loves me.
No. he doesn’t.
He is using you.
He uses everybody!
You have to see that!
No. I’m special. okay?
He told me so.
Eliza. please think
about what you’re doing.
We can go to the police.
He won’t hurt you.
Hurt me?
He loves me.
[screams]
[tense music]
[grunts]
[Eliza groans]
[grunting]
[groaning]
[grunts]
[panting]
[footsteps approaching]
[doorknob clicks]
[sniffles]
[tense music]
-[screams]
-[both gasp]
[Vivian] What are you doing?
What are you doing?
I just came to check in on you.
I thought you might
still be sleeping.
Well. no.
I...
I had company.
[dramatic music]
So no more letting unknowns
into your house.
But I did know her.
Well. unknowns are those
with an unknown affiliation.
Something tells me he’s not
gonna let up right away.
He probably has a few more women
who would do his bidding.
You should come stay
at my place for a while.
That’s a nice offer
but I don’t wanna run away.
I don’t wanna let him win
in this intimidation game.
And if I disappear. your house
is the first place he’d look.
Look. I made sure all the doors
and windows are locked.
We’ll put a car out front
to watch the house at night
until we catch him
or the threat stop.
I hope they do soon.
I’ve got tonight’s shift.
It’s all gonna be okay.
[dramatic music]
Hey.
Just. uh. one sugar. no cream.
I hope that’s okay.
Just what I needed.
So. uh. you’re really gonna
stay out here all night?
-Yes. ma’am.
-Okay.
Well. you know. like I said.
you can come and sleep
on the couch if you want.
No. Cops don’t sleep
in civilian’s houses
when they’re on the clock.
Anyway. I need a view
of the entire house.
Okay.
And getting out of the office
is a good change of pace for me.
In the last few years.
I spent most of my days
poring over credit card receipts
and other financial documents.
If I didn’t get out
into the field once in a while.
then I’d get soft.
Yeah. Okay.
Well. um. if. uh...
if you need anything.
just ring the doorbell.
I probably won’t be sleeping
much tonight anyway.
You should try.
It’s the best thing
for you right now.
Nothing is gonna happen to you
while I’m sitting here.
Promise.
[sighs]
[dramatic music]
[insects chirping]
[sighs]
[owl hoots]
[tense music]
[thuds]
[suspenseful music]
Good morning.
Huh. [grunts]
[shatters]
[clock ticking]
[footsteps]
How are you feeling?
Where am I?
Somewhere no one can find you.
That’s why you don’t have a gag.
Drink.
You must be thirsty.
And it will flush the chloroform
out of your system.
Come now. Kate.
Don’t be so stubborn.
You’re proving nothing
by refusing.
You could have poisoned it.
If I wanted to kill you.
you’d be dead already.
That’s my girl.
Hmm?
[spit]
Now. that wasn’t very nice.
After everything you’ve done.
you want nice?
[Walker chuckles]
I always liked your spunk. Kate.
I really did.
Probably your most
admirable characteristic.
That and that you were smarter
than all the other girls.
But I guess I paid for that.
didn’t I?
What do you want. Walker?
What do I want?
You ruin my life. Kate.
Now. I can’t go back
to what I was doing.
Because of you.
my picture went viral.
Do you have any idea
how hard it would be
to convince new women?
Guess you’re gonna have
to start working. Walker.
I don’t have face
detection activated.
[Walker] Unlock it.
Why should I?
Because if you don’t...
[suspenseful music]
You know. it’s one thing
to commit financial crimes.
another to commit murder.
When they catch you.
you will go to jail
for the rest of your life.
Well. that’s the point. Kate.
You’re assuming I’ll be caught.
You’re right.
They probably won’t.
You’re always one step ahead.
I mean. you kidnapped me
with my phone
to get a wire transfer
approved. right?
Wish I had thought of that.
[sighs]
Let me make this simple.
Give me the password
and I won’t hurt you.
But you already have hurt me.
To be totally honest with you.
you broke my heart.
Why would I give you my savings.
so you can spend it
on another women?
[chuckles]
No need to be so maudlin. Kate.
I’m sorry about the podcast.
I was hurt and angry
that I was just one
of your many girlfriends.
Don’t take it personally.
I mean. I. uh...
I enjoyed the time
we spent together.
Yeah.
I mean. we had some
spectacular nights. didn’t we?
And I would have gladly
given you all of my money.
helped you with your scam.
if you had just confided in me.
But instead you sent Eliza
to my house.
You can’t love her.
Who said anything about love?
She doesn’t have half
of the class
or the finesse that you do.
I would have been
a better partner.
You’re trying to manipulate me.
I’m trying to show you
that I want in.
We could disappear
to another country.
-Too risky.
-We would change our looks.
I’ve always wanted to be blonde
and you would look great
in a beard.
We could use
my real estate knowledge.
Break into vacation homes
when the owners aren’t there.
Show them like they’re listed
on the market.
I mean. Walker. we can make
so much more than the tens
of thousands you make
with women’s savings
and credit cards.
Please. untie me
so we can talk
like normal people.
Plus. I’m starving.
Do you have anything to eat?
I’ll get you some more water.
I might have something
in the cabinet.
[suspenseful music]
Yeah. I got. uh. bake beans.
-This should work.
-[Kate] Yeah.
I haven’t had breakfast.
so anything’s great.
Please.
[grunting]
-[doorbell ringing]
-Kate!
[knock on door]
[sighs]
Hello?
[muffled screams]
Oh. my God.
-Oh. are you okay?
-I’m fine.
-My key is in the pocket.
-Oh.
-Where’s Kate?
-I don’t know.
I let myself in the house
and she’s not in there.
But her car’s in the driveway.
Have you tried calling her?
Oh.
[cellphone buzzes]
[grunting]
[panting]
Breakfast is served.
[chuckles]
They’re looking for you now.
It’s time to approve
the transfer or else.
I’d rather not.
[grunts]
[both grunting]
[groans]
[coughs]
[choking]
[grunts]
[coughs]
[groans]
-[panting]
-[sirens wailing]
[dramatic music]
[Vivian]
Are you sure you’re okay?
Yeah. I’m sure.
Okay.
She was strong and held her own.
I can’t say the same for myself.
I should probably go back
to desk work.
[Kate] No.
It is not your fault.
He surprised us both
and we didn’t stand a chance.
Then you came
to rescue me just in time.
Any signs of him?
Well. The FBI has been notified.
Look. there are plenty
of people looking for him.
He can’t run forever.
You did it. Kate.
You got him.
Walker Stevenson will be caught
or he’s gonna have to hide out
from now on.
But he’s not gonna hurt
any more women thanks to you.
[dramatic music]
[indistinct chatter]
[speaking French]
You speak English?
Yes. Much better
than my French. I’m afraid.
Well. you’re right
that these paintings.
they are all beautiful.
You know. the artist
created this whole series
before he died.
They found it in his studio.
I’m Jada.
Roger.
Roger Kane. It’s a...
it’s a pleasure to meet you.
So you know a lot about art?
Yeah.
Yeah. I know a little.
[suspenseful music]
[theme music]